sister
I know about Wenli, you are wrong to blame him
But it's true that he punched
I immediately owe the dead money to 1 million usury
Black boxing is also forced to be helpless
I really didn't mean to do black boxing.
teacher
I really, really like the fighting arena
Why didn't you tell the teacher earlier?
Because I always knew
You especially hate black boxing
So I never dared to tell you
So have you paid off the loan shark now?
I have already paid it back for him.
The bad guys have no reason to look for him anymore
Uncle, that's 1 million
You have no relatives with him for no reason. Why?
Jiangnan, this is my own money
I can give it to whoever I want
Uncle, you are about to play
You two hurry up and go to training
I have something to say to my sister
Thank you Uncle Yan
This fox
I didn't expect you to be such a fun uncle
Shouldn't it be just about Wenli?
What are your thoughts on the Black Spring Market?
No I just know
Underground Black Spring in Dragon City
Something to do with the Black Springs market
But who is behind all this?
I don't know.
Only lead the snake out of the hole
To hit our black hands
I see what you mean.
Then let Liang Hongtao come back